automate publish workflow (#1)
nestdotland/std: .github/README.md

<p align="center">A decentralized mirror of Deno's Standard Modules</p>

## What is nest.land/std?

This is a decentralized mirror of Deno's Standard Modules. The code itself is not maintained, modified, or updated by nest.land. New versions are published when they are released by Deno.

## Credits

### Authors

- [t8](https://github.com/t8) - Co-Founder, Frontend, & Project Management
- [zorbyte](https://github.com/zorbyte) - Co-Founder, Advisor, Triager, & Code Quality Control
- [justablob](https://github.com/justablob) - Backend & CLI

### Core Team

- [divy-work](https://github.com/divy-work) - Backend Manager
- [maximousblk](https://github.com/maximousblk) - UX Manager
- [martondev](https://github.com/MartonDev) - Frontend Manager
- [oganexon](https://github.com/oganexon) - CLI Manager

### Contributors

- [ebebbington](https://github.com/ebebbington)
- [yg](https://github.com/yg)
- [jletey](https://github.com/jletey)
- [qu4k](https://github.com/Qu4k)

## License

Deno and Deno Standard Modules are licensed under the MIT license by the Deno authors. Please see [Deno's license](https://github.com/denoland/deno/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.

> This repository is merely a redistribution medium and the code in this repo is licenced under the MIT license by the nest.land team. Please see [nest.lands's license](LICENSE) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is merely a redistribution medium and the code in this repo is licensed under the MIT license by the nest.land team. Please see [nest.land's license](LICENSE) for more information.
```

Author: oops!
